The Aspis Consortium has long dealt with attacks on their caravans by hiring mercenaries and guards for their goods, and accounting for some amount of successful highway robbery besides. Recently, however, a pack of particularly pesky goblins, the self-proclaimed “Tooth-n-Nail Tribe”, managed to get away with a significant sum of wealth in gemstones, books, and other trade goods of an uncommon enough variety that the Aspis Consortium has summoned a party of adventurers to seek their den in the southern foothills of the Aspodell Mountain and either slay or capture their leader, an oddly mutated goblin-ogre known as “Tark-Tark the Sniffer”

Quest w/ some exploration elements + dungeon run for adventurers level 2-6

Designing 3 encounters for the party to potentially encounter prior to discovering the goblin camp. Takes 3 days of IC travel to the cavern, assuming no faster mode of transportation available. Roll d% at the beginning of each day (75% chance for no encounter), allow for some in-character travel chatter, then move on to next day.

## Encounter 1: The Faerie Springs

In the foothills of the Aspodell mountains are rumors of a fog-shrouded spring which functions as a portal to the First World under the right conditions. Though the conditions today are not right, the spring is still full of the revitalizing natural energies of the first world. Water drawn from the spring is treated as Holy Water, and taking a bath in the spring grants a Sacred bonus to AC and Saving Throws equal to 1/2 of the subject’s level for the next 1d4 days. Construct and undead creatures do not gain any benefit from the springs. A DC 24 Knowledge (Planes) check reveals this information.

## Encounter 2: A Lost Child?

Upon the night that this encounter is rolled, as the party settles in to rest, they hear the far-away sound of a child weeping.

If the party chooses to investigate, they find an emaciated, dripping wet goblin child adjacent to a nearby river. The child will accept any aid that they offer, and will introduce herself as “Sasche” (pronounced like “Sash”) but is reluctant to speak of her origin, home, or family. If the party mentions that they are sent there to kill the leader of the Tooth-n-Nail Tribe, she will seem obviously disturbed at that, and a DC 23 Diplomacy check will get her to reveal that she is an “outcast, wicked child” of the Tooth-n-Nail tribe, and was sent away by Tark-Tark the Sniffer when he recently came to power within the tribe for being “too pretty to be a goblin”. A DC 23 Knowledge (Planes) check will reveal the goblin girl for what she is, a Changeling, born likely to a Hag and a Goblin father. This revelation, if divulged to the girl, will cause her to break down into helpless sobs and flee from the adventurers, while a DC 14 survival check will reveal that she has returned to the river where the party first found her. If pursued, she will reveal that she tried to drown herself, but couldn’t, which is why she was soaking wet when they met. She will di